This view returns information about invoice lines and invoice tax lines for supplier transactions in Oracle Fusion Payables. This information is accessible through Payables > Invoices work area > Manage Invoices > Lines. A record is returned for each combination of an invoice number, an invoice line number, a supplier name, a business unit name, and a summary tax line amount.

"This view provides invoice information, such as the invoice number, date, source, type, approval status, currency code, general ledger (GL) date, canceled date, creation date, and accounting date; invoice line information, such as the number, description, quantity, type, and unit price in the transaction currency; invoice amount, invoice line amount, and invoice unpaid amount in the primary and transaction currencies; and invoice line tax details, such as the regime name and code, jurisdiction name, classification code, and invoice line tax status. The view also provides item details, such as the number and unit of measure (UOM); purchase order (PO) details, such as the number, line number; receipt number and receipt line number; and supplier details, such as the number, name, and site. The Assets_Tracking_Flag column indicates whether an invoice line is tracked in Oracle Fusion Assets. The Invoice_Discarded_Flag column indicates whether an invoice line is discarded. The Invoice_Line_Canceled_Flag column indicates whether an invoice line is canceled. The Prepay_Invoice_Flag column indicates whether a prepayment was applied to the invoice amount. The Tax_Inclusive_Flag column indicates if an invoice line includes the tax amount. 

Note: Do not summarize the Invoice_Amount, Invoice_Amount_Base, and Invoice_Paid_Amount columns to avoid inaccurate results."
For multi-period invoices, the Deferred_Accrual_Code_Combination_ID, Deferred_Accrual_Concatenated_Segment_Description, Deferred_Accrual_Concatenated_Segments, Deferred_Accrual_Period_Type, Deferred_Expense_End_Date, Deferred_Expense_Start_Date, and Deferred_Number_Of_Periods columns are populated.

For optimal performance, filter the records by the Business_Unit_Name and/or Supplier_Name columns.
